All right. we're almost home.
Whoa. calm down. boy.
Whoa. whoa.
It's right up here.
You really think
it's worth 10 grand?
Oh. my God.
What?
Remember Andrea McHugh?
Blue mohawk. threw a brick
through a Starbucks window?
The girl who stole a cop car
sophomore year?
How could I forget?
- Yeah. look at this.
- No way that's her.
# Blessed. #LiveLaughLove.
Wow. so much for getting
out of small town life.
- Seriously.
Three kids under five.
That's a handful.
Honey. if I ever suggest
coordinating sleepwear.
you have permission to leave me
and take full custody.
Honey. I would
not need permission.
Oh.
that's what I love about you.
My devastating charm?
We both hate the same things.
Oh. I might need the car today.
Is it cool if I drive. and
I can just drop you at 26 Fed?
- You know. you take the car.
I'll take the subway.
What? You hate the subway.
We both hate the subway.
See above.
Yeah. fully aware. I just. uh.
I actually have to go Uptown
today. so it'll be easier.
Oh. what's Uptown?
- This case.
I gotta talk to this guy.
He's threatening
to recant his testimony.
So Uptown I go.
- OK.
What am I looking at. Malcolm?
That's what I want to know.
Something made
this crater last night.
Radiation signatures consistent
with a power source.
not a meteor. not debris.
Something that was built.
- Can I see what's left of it?
- That's just it.
Someone got here before us.
Couple someones. actually.
One's in the morgue.
And the other. well.
whatever made this crater.
they've got it now.
And we've checked with
everyone on our end.
It wasn't Canadian.
So?
- Are you asking if it's ours?
Now that you mention it.
Malcolm.
I'm finding out about this
at the same time
that you're telling me.
That's what you'd say
if itwas yours.
And you're a good liar.
- Yes and yes.
But in this case. it has
the advantage of being true.
If this turns out to be
American technology
that fell out of the sky...
Malcolm.
And you are now in
any way covering up.
we're going to have
a serious problem.
And I'm not someone that
you want to have
a serious problem with.
I thought Canadians
were supposed to be polite.
That is an outdated
and offensive stereotype.
All right.
Let's gather the troops.
- Mm-hmm.
So an unknown projectile
of unknown origin.
with unknown payload.
emitting unknown amounts
of deadly radiation.
is currently in unknown hands.
Well. at least
we know our known unknowns.
Whose is it?
Anyone call the lost and found?
- Nobody's claimed it.
- Any ideas on what it is?
It could be a weather balloon.
Like the one the military
shot over South Carolina.
courtesy of China?
Or it could be a stealth drone.
meaning one of ours.
Meaning an illegal U.S.-run
surveillance program.
More like unsanctioned.
We don't like labels
here at the CIA.
If it is ours.
we've just stumbled
onto a massive diplomatic
incident with Canada.
- Well. there...
there is another possibility.
I mean. the...
the radiation signatures
are inconsistent with standard
propulsion and electronics.
Please don't say aliens.
With the amount of energy output
these things are emitting.
I mean. it... it... it...
It's probably not aliens.
That's... that's what I'm saying.
Whatever caused that crater.
we need to find out who took it.
If it was ours
and it's been recovered.
it's embarrassing.
but it's contained.
Yeah. but if someone
got there first.
it could already be
on the black market.
I'll make some calls.
I'll try my government contacts.
And let's bring in Kevin Turner
from Counter Terrorism.
I think I found
what made your crater.
Where did you get these?
Would you believe me if
I said they fell off a truck?
Must have been a weird truck.
Looks like a low Earth
orbit satellite.
Most of it burned up. but
that core was built to survive.
Whose is it.
if you had to guess?
Russian. Chinese. Indian. maybe.
What's it matter?
I have a team out in the field
trying to secure this thing.
I don't know who
they might bump into.
I'll look into it.
see if I can track it.
figure out who launched it.
You told Katie
you're going Uptown
because a witness is
recanting their testimony?
It was the first thing
I could think of.
Jeez. mate. less is more.
It's the details
that trip you up.
Have you still not told her
you're working
for the fusion cell?
I don't want her
worrying about me.
She's a worrier.
I hate lying to her.
Well. you'll get used to it.
Yeah. that's what
I'm worried about.
This is her.
Sixth sense. every time.
All right. well. take it.
I'll only be
a couple of minutes.
And less is more.
- Yeah.
Hey. honey.
Yeah. I just got Uptown.
What's up?
You're looking for Nigel.
- Yeah.
Is he in?
Blew his ACL. pickleball.
- Vicious sport.
I told him to stick to chess.
- Yeah.
Something I can help you with?
Uh. it's a very
particular request.
I normally just deal with him.
- Mm.
Try me.
OK.
Where can I find a copy of
Chekhov's "The Burial Mound"?
Neverland. maybe.
or the lost city of Atlantis.
It doesn't exist.
All right.
how about "Ben-Hur." 1933.
first Modern Library edition?
Someone must have misplaced it.
Now you can put up
your sneaky little bat signal
to whoever the hell you're
trying to communicate with.
Thank you.
Evelyn.
But like I said.
I might not be here next time.
So this electricity
crackling between us...
Don't get used to it.
Our mystery item.
A satellite fell out of orbit.
Most of it burned up
upon re-entry
or shattered into fragments.
except the battery.
Most satellites are
powered by solar panels.
This one was powered
by an enriched cesium core.
- A nuclear battery.
- Yeah.
So you're saying somebody
put a nuclear device in space?
Cesium-137. to be precise.
So you're aware cesium-137
has roughly ten half-lives
before its radioactivity
diminishes to safe levels?
Sorry. in layman's terms.
that simply means that it's a...
Dirty bomb with that material
could irradiate Times Square
for 300 years. give or take.
- Yes. exactly.
Certainly. as you can imagine.
there are plenty
of terror groups
who'd love
to get their hands on it.
Rogue nations too.
Do we know who sent it up?
That's not exactly
my department.
There are over 13.000
satellites in orbit
operated by 80 countries.
It might take me just a minute.
You're doing great.
Colin. any word
from your contacts?
No. not yet.
But let's hope he gets in touch
before this thing
hits the open market.
Nice place you got here.
Excellent bourbon.
Jonah.
You got my signal. then?
- I did.
And I believe I have something
you're looking for.
So what. you're an amateur
photographer now. are you?
I'm thinking about
turning professional.
Who's your friend?
Fellow literature enthusiast.
Ah. looks like a Fed.
How's retirement?
Boring.
I even considered starting
a war to pass the time.
- I thought you liked wars.
- I like war profiteering.
And right now it sounds like
you have a very expensive
problem on your hands.
What have you heard?
Nuclear-powered satellite
scattered across Nova Scotia.
but the battery's missing.
with enough cesium
to level ten city blocks.
The seller.
the one who found it.
is Mateo Kola.
Albanian organized crime.
Controls much of the
smuggling in Eastern Canada.
Some local found the battery.
contacted Mateo for a payday.
he killed her.
and grabbed it for himself.
Well. I always admire
an entrepreneur.
He has a network here
in New York.
He's looking for a buyer to
take it off his hands tomorrow
at the low. low price
of $50 million.
- Oh. is that all?
Bargain.
Any chatter on Telegram.
Discord?
Usual suspects.
Terrorists. rogue states.
some hedge fund guy
in Montana with a bunker.
Nuclear is the new black. eh?
But no one with the ability
to pull together
that kind of cash so quickly.
Oh. right.
Now I know why you
skipped the phone call
and made
the personal appearance.
Well. the CIA does have
a long and. uh...
storied history of overpaying.
I'd love nothing more
than to simply
make the introduction
and help you take it
off the market.
I think it's a solid plan.
It's a lot of money
for the U.S. government
to be throwing at
an ex-cop-turned-arms-dealer.
- OK. fine.
Jonah Le'Roux is a drunk.
And he is a shifty bastard.
But when money's involved.
he's reliable.
What other choice
do we have. Nikki?
If a terrorist group get their
hands on this nuclear battery...
The seller. Mateo Kola.
known for making
undercover agents disappear.
I can maintain my cover.
We know where Mateo
is going to be
when the sale is happening.
Why not give Jonah
the courtesy of a finder's fee
and send the Nuclear
Emergency Support Team
to recover the battery?
We can't involve NEST.
we can't involve other agencies.
not until we have the nuke
in our possession.
We've got to be delicate
about this.
You can't hunt truffles
with a backhoe.
Just to be clear. you're the
truffle pig in this metaphor.
It is a volatile
nuclear battery.
- NEST uses precision.
- We go in with weapons hot...
- I'm totally confident.
I have no doubt.
Colin's right.
The only way to get eyes on
the device is to stage a buy.
The only way to do that
is with Colin's asset.
It's the safest way to get
Mateo to produce the nuke.
Let us do that. then send NEST
in to make the recovery.
I like it.
Oh. that's all it takes. is it?
Bill signs off and we're a go?
Just take the win.
Walk me through it
one more time.
OK.
I'll check into the hotel
as Joel Andrews. the buyer.
a bagman for a rogue nation
trying to level up.
And Bill?
Bill will be my muscle.
Me personally. I thought
I could have pulled off
international
terrorist financier.
but you know how he gets.
Jonah will be there
as my broker.
He'll make the introduction
to Mateo at the set time.
Joel Andrews.
And how do you
check the merchandise?
I mean. you can't exactly
check the tires
on nuclear material.
That's why I'm taking
my science advisor.
You want to bring Gina
on the op?
She's an analyst.
She's the only one of us
who knows the difference
between a nuclear reactor
and a hair dryer.
I need her in the field on this.
Thank you.
OK. but at the
first sign of danger.
I'm sending in reinforcements.
And I'd expect nothing less.
Any trends I should know about?
Faux suede is coming back.
I didn't realize it ever left.
Mateo's leaving the hotel.
He might be going
to retrieve the battery.
We need ears in his room
so we know when
he brings it back in.
There's no way he'd leave
his room unattended.
We could bug the room next door.
Directional mic in the vent?
Sorry. for a moment there.
I thought
my comms stopped working.
'cause you actually
sounded like a spy. Bill.
I can go to the front desk.
get his room number.
Zeeb said
he would hack the system.
Yeah. that's gonna
take 30 minutes.
I can do it in two.
What are you doing?
OK. fine.
I'm excited to be
out in the field.
Three years running background
checks and threat assessments.
What do you expect?
Eh. let her work.
OK.
One slip. that's all it takes.
And it's not always you
that pays.
Ugh. damn it. Mateo.
where are you?
I drove all the way up here
and you don't even
answer the phone?
What am I supposed to do?
It's like you have
no respect for me at all.
You know what? Whatever.
I don't even care.
I hope that you're having
a great time.
- Are you all right. miss?
- Oh. my God.
I am so sorry.
I'm just...
I'm looking for my boyfriend.
Boyfriend. boyfriend.
I'm just...
I'm one of many. actually.
So...
You know. he must... he must
have checked in already.
Maybe you can help me
find his room?
Mateo Kola?
Well. I'm really
not supposed to.
I know you guys
have all these rules.
and you look like you're
really good at your job.
It's just...
- Mm-hmm.
All right.
Oh. my God. you are a lifesaver.
Thank you.
Poor bastard
never stood a chance.
Maintenance.
You called the front desk.
You smelled gas or something
coming from your vents?
That wasn't me.
- Oh. oh. sorry.
Next suite. My bad.
Wait. uh. maybe you should
check mine too. just in case.
All right. yeah.
it'll only take a minute.
He'll give it a once-over.
- All right.
- Should be good to go.
You haven't smelled
any gas. have you?
I have not. no.
Yeah. I don't smell
anything either.
so you probably should be good.
Yeah. yeah. I appreciate it.
Well. that's grand.
Hey. our goal is just to try
and keep everyone safe
here today.
Mm. yeah. appreciate it.
Yeah. well. let us know
if you smell anything.
All right. thanks
for checking. gentlemen.
- Yeah. take care. buddy.
- You too. now.
That should catch all the audio
in Mateo's room.
Like I said. keep it simple.
- Hey. guys.
I can't find Jonah.
What?
I thought he was posted
at the back door.
- And you checked...
- Everywhere.
Even the men's restroom.
Definitely got some
interesting looks there.
I knew we shouldn't
have trusted this guy.
Just go back to the room.
wait there.
I'll take the stairs up
and check the top two floors.
I'll check the bar downstairs.
if he's a drunk like you say.
- Hey. Any sign of Jonah?
- No. Where's Bill?
- I don't know.
His comms have dropped out.
I'm supposed to be meeting
Mateo in his room any minute.
and we've got no one
to make the introduction.
I thought you said
Jonah was reliable.
Please don't quote me.
OK. we need to find them now.
This thing's gone pear-shaped
before it even started.
Who do you work for?
Where did you come from. huh?
Where... where do
any of us come from?
You know.
when you think about it?
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
I need him alive.
All right. gentlemen. you.
uh. relax. get some vitamin D.
I'll be back.
And when I do...
you better tell me
everything you know.
Those friends of yours?
I have no idea
who those guys were.
but I knew they'd make you.
I bet you they made you
before you brushed your teeth
this morning.
When you were born.
I bet the doctor said.
look at this perfectly healthy
little federal agent.
Oh. God.
What. did you forget
you were a cop?
Yeah. I was. until
people like you burned me.
Yeah. maybe don't take bribes
next time.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
What are you doing?
What's it look like I'm doing?
I'm going to take them out
when they come back.
- Are you crazy?
What. with IKEA leftovers?
They have guns.
They will kill us.
They would have done it already.
They want to break us.
- Yeah. but they won't.
- Yeah. speak for yourself.
And it's going to hurt
like hell when they try.
We gotta get out of here.
Hey.
We can escape out the vent.
You going to help me or what?
Well. they couldn't
have just vanished.
They got to be somewhere
at the hotel.
Have Zeeb see if he can access
the hotel security cameras.
OK. good idea.
What if someone took them?
Well. if they did.
it means they want this thing
more than we do.
And that means. Colin.
that we need you
to approach Mateo now.
Without Jonah there
to make an introduction?
Well. he doesn't know me
from Adam.
Make it work.
Get the battery
and get out of there.
I could pretend to be Jonah.
Won't Mateo be looking for...
- What?
A man?
They don't know what Jonah is.
We put a bug in their room.
Mateo was talking to his guys.
We know they've never met.
They only ever communicated
over encrypted texts.
Jonah could be a woman.
he could be a man.
or a string quartet.
I didn't join the CIA
to sit on the bench.
OK.
Go with the flow.
But it's Colin's flow.
You understand?
- Seen. not heard.
Got it.
All right.
if anything turns in that room.
you follow my cues
and you walk away. OK?
Promise.
Put your glasses on.
- All right.
- OK.
Want to buy me a drink first?
We were told the meeting
was 2:00 p.m.
Who are you?
Joel Andrews.
Andrews Investments.
And her?
Who do you think I am?
I'm Jonah.
You're Jonah?
Sometimes I'm Jonah.
sometimes I'm Ashley.
You must be Mateo.
OK. now we're done
playing 20 questions.
Can we get to
the business in hand?
Where's the nuke?
You think I'm stupid enough
to have it in the room?
I need to see
proof of funds first.
You show me yours.
and I'll show you mine.
There. good enough?
Now where's my nuke?
Patience. patience.
I haven't heard from the
other interested parties yet.
- Hold on.
Other interested parties?
That wasn't the plan.
Plans change.
just like the price.
It's going up.
Is it?
Are we getting
into a bidding war?
Sounds like it.
What are we going to do?
I mean. there's no way we have
enough for best and final.
That's for Nikki to sort out
with Headquarters.
So what do you think?
You think Jonah
walked us into a trap?
It's the first thing
I'm going to ask him
when we find him.
So how'd you end up
on the other side?
I was the cop
on the brochure. you know?
For the first three years.
Wife. four kids on a cop's
salary. you know the deal.
- Oh. it's a real sob story.
- You want to hear it or not?
And not that
this excuses anything.
but everybody was doing it.
Look the other way
for a local dealer.
suddenly. there's food
on the table.
presents under
the Christmas tree.
no one gets hurt.
You could give up this life.
still get your family back.
No. Because... and my wife.
she knew this too...
I liked it.
The money?
The danger.
The never knowing
if I'd make it out alive.
The rush when I did.
And you like it too.
- No.
No. I'm nothing like that.
Oh. yeah.
OK. you have a woman
back at home?
A wife?
- A fiancée.
- OK.
So you're playing with fire.
You couldwork a desk job.
coach the soccer team.
be home for dinner.
Instead. you chose to be here
risking everything
while she's back at home
thinking everything is fine
until one day.
she gets a phone call
saying that
you're not coming home.
You're trying to have it
both ways. suit.
And let me tell you you can't.
Finally.
- Oh. yeah.
- OK.
- I think we got it.
Ah. damn it.
Now what?
OK. thanks.
Nikki's trying to secure
more funds.
All right. good.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa.
- What. what?
What is it?
- The bar.
Have a look.
Tall guy. big bushy beard.
Yeah. yeah. I see him.
That's Sasha Kotov.
He's FSB.
- Russian intelligence.
That's not a coincidence.
No. it's not.
He's either here with Mateo
or he's trying
to buy the nuke himself.
What. you think he has
something to do with
Bill and Jonah missing?
I wouldn't bet against it.
Eliminate the other buyers.
- Eliminate?
- Yeah.
We need to find
Bill and Jonah now.
OK. what about
the nuclear battery?
Where was it written that
two disasters can't hit
at the same time?
Yeah. Colin. still nothing.
OK. well. keep combing
security footage.
let me know the second
you find anything.
You got it.
Zeeb have anything?
Only that Bill and Jonah
never left the building.
Apart from that...
- OK. well. that's good.
Then we... we search room by room
until we find them.
No. I mean. the second
we go and look for Bill.
we lose eyes on Sasha.
He could just walk out of here
with a nuke.
Well then.
we divide and conquer.
You go for Bill.
I'll distract Sasha at the bar.
- No. no. Gina.
Sorry. no.
- Yes.
- No.
This guy's been FSB
for the last 20 years.
- It's OK.
- He's a human lie detector.
Stop treating me
like I'm going to break.
I get it. you've been hurt.
You lost someone.
I'm not her.
You know about Toni?
- I'm a big girl. Colin.
I can do this.
Zeeb?
There's a whole bank of cameras
covering the basement
storage area. B2.
every one of them disabled.
Well. that's not
a coincidence either.
Thanks.
If he makes you.
you walk away immediately.
Yeah.
Nikki's going to kill me.
Well. we might all be
dead anyway. so there's that.
Just...
be careful. please.
Promise.
Drink menu. please.
- Sable 6.
The best.
- Oh.
All right then.
I'll get that.
Thank you.
You know. I had a boyfriend
from St. Petersburg.
He loved Sable 6
a little too much.
You. uh.
you spent time in Russia?
Little bit.
I have a love for the country.
The people. not so much.
Ah. maybe I can. uh.
help you change your mind.
You. uh. you visiting here?
With anyone?
I prefer to travel alone.
expect the unexpected.
Ah. yes.
American women
are so independent.
So confident.
And we're open books.
unlike you. a man...
shrouded in mystery.
- Yeah?
What would you like to know?
Huh?
Hmm.
I've always loved tigers.
Independent. strong hunters.
They work in the shadows.
Suits you.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
So you got me
all figured out. huh?
Well. I can take a guess.
You're a Russian oligarch.
Here for business
with your mistress.
You brought along
a couple scary men
to keep you company.
Does that sound about right?
No mistress tonight.
Oh.
Well. you don't need
any protection from me.
- Perhaps not.
- Mm.
Perhaps we continue
our conversation in private?
Maybe after
a couple more of these.
Ouch. you find me
so unattractive.
You find me so easy?
No. I'm just meeting up
with a friend.
and I don't want to be rude.
make him wait.
Ah.
I thought you said
you were traveling alone.
I am.
We ran into each other
in the lobby.
- Mm.
Excuse me a second while
I run to the ladies room?
You're not going anywhere
until I find out
exactly who you are.
Jeez. you two look like
you've been having fun.
We've been
getting to know each other.
- Where's Gina?
- She's running interference.
We gotta get upstairs
and make Mateo an offer.
I did while
you two were down here
braiding each other's hair.
- What. we got the nuke?
No. there's other buyers.
Oh. let me guess.
our new Russian friend?
Sasha Kotov. he's FSB.
- That's not good.
- No. it's exactly what I said.
We need to get to Mateo's suite
and try and close this deal
before anyone else.
Here.
Guns go first.
Don't...
- Oh. yeah. man.
You like the rush.
Let's move.
Yeah. clean yourself up
before you meet your public.
I have my best people on this.
Rest assured
we'll bring the device in.
That might not be possible.
Oh. what does that mean?
CSA finished examining
the debris field.
They confirm the satellite is
Russian. but more important.
they analyzed the samples
for radiation.
Positive for radionuclides.
- Get to the point.
What are you telling me?
All the tests indicate
this thing is leaking.
Well. what does that mean
for my guys?
It means they can't get close
for any extended period of time
or they'll be breathing in
radioactive particles.
It's a death sentence.
Oh. and here's the real danger.
Oh. a death sentence
wasn't the real danger?
Based on our modeling.
this thing could blow
at any minute.
OK.
That's radiation poisoning.
Certainly looks like it.
Nikki.
Colin. the nuke is leaking.
Yeah. we're aware.
- What?
How... are you...
Either that or Mateo
had a serious nut allergy.
He's dead.
He must have had the nuke
on him this entire time.
That's what.
three days' direct exposure?
- Yeah.
No wonder.
- Well. What about the nuke?
Have you found it?
No. no. we've looked everywhere.
It's not here.
- Whoa. jeez.
- You.
We checked his pulse.
Mateo. where's the nuke?
Sasha took the nuke.
And he has the girl.
He know she's CIA.
Guys. the NEST team
is on the way to you.
Where's Gina?
- Uh. yeah. Nikki. gotta go.
Lot of moving pieces.
but we're on it.
Let's go.
NEST team's almost here.
That's her.
And that's got to be the nuke.
Stay here.
Yeah. uh. you kids have fun.
- So what's your plan?
You're going to kill me now?
Oh. no. no. no. no. no.
You're going to die
in a field in Russia
after we get everything we want
from that pretty
little head of yours.
The Russians sent you
to collect their fallen tech.
but you're never
going to get it back.
It's going to melt.
radiation is going to spread.
and millions will be exposed.
NEST team. are you in position?
- Yes. sir.
Call it.
I'm not getting in there
with that thing.
Take them.
Get out.
- Secure him.
- Let's go.
You OK?
- Yeah. I'm good.
- Yeah?
This nuke's going to melt
any minute.
Then we need
to evacuate everyone now.
- What? No.
There's no time.
If it melts down during evac.
we're all dead anyway.
No. we need to
get it out of here.
Yeah.
Passed a quarry two miles back.
I could get this thing
underground.
Jonah. you don't have
to be a hero. man.
- Why not?
For the first time in my life.
Go home.
See your girl.
Contact Headquarters.
Make sure we debrief them on
all the radiation containment.
I'd. uh. offer
to buy you a drink. but...
But I've had enough vodka
for at least a year?
Yeah.
Look. with Sasha.
that was my call to put you in.
I never should have done that.
No. I know what I signed up for.
Danger is part of the job.
Well. for what it's worth.
you did quite well.
Definitely. uh. trending
in the right direction.
But. uh. more importantly.
what are we going to tell Nikki?
'Cause we need
to get our stories straight.
Hey.
You're home.
- Yeah. sorry.
Go back to sleep.
Good day?
Yeah. just long.
I'm gonna shower.
- OK.
I love you.
Love you too.
- -